[Fix] Reorganize Tutorials Section (#205)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/polkadot-sdk/index.md

---

> title: Polkadot-SDK Tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Polkadot SDK Tutorials
```

> title: Polkadot-SDK Tutorials
> description: Gain hands-on experience with step-by-step tutorials to build parachains and integrate with system chains in the Polkadot ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: We should paraphrase here a bit since we can build solo-chains with the polkadot sdk as well

```suggestion
title: Polkadot-SDK Tutorials
description: Explore detailed, step-by-step tutorials designed to help you gain hands-on experience building custom solutions with the Polkadot SDK.
```

hide: 
    - feedback
template: index-page.html
---

> # Polakdot-SDK Tutorials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Polakdot SDK Tutorials
```

> Gain hands-on experience with step-by-step tutorials to build parachains and integrate with system chains in the Polkadot ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Explore detailed, step-by-step tutorials designed to help you gain hands-on experience building custom solutions with the Polkadot SDK.
```
